:sparkles: [#380] Init OpenObject helmchart (#397)
maykinmedia/charts: charts/openobject/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.0 (2026-05-28)

> - First chart release of Open Object 4.0, which now includes objecttypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First chart release of Open Object 4.0, which combines Objecttypes API and Objects API into a single application.
```
